- You know, I played Bobby
your tape before he left.
He like, "That's--that's
the guy I need.
I need that bass."
- ♪ But like a .45,
I flip, it's automatic ♪
- Sign with me.
Sounds better than slanging
on the corner
and getting locked up, right?
- How the fuck you gon' even
say some shit like that
to me, man?
BOBBY: You know you dope.
- Go get that cream, son.
♪ ♪
♪ Here I am, the Method Man ♪
- Yo, I need to fuck
with my own name.
SHOTGUN:
I see you, Inspectah.
REBEL: ♪ A young buck
selling drugs and such ♪
♪ We never had much ♪
♪ Trying to get a clutch ♪
♪ At what I could not touch ♪
Picked a new name.
Shallah Raekwon.
- You know, if that bullet
would've went
this way or that way, shit
could've been sideways for you.
- [off-key] ♪ La la la la ♪
- Hey, yo, you wasting
our studio time.
- My voice
is a instrument, fool!
[indistinct shouting]
The one-man army Ason!
- What even is this, a quill?
HAWKER: The dead nation
must arise,
for the time is at hand.
Are you not ready to rise?
BOBBY: I was putting together
a crew.
You're both a part of it,
a'ight?
- Nah, I ain't in no crew.
- You seem to be riding
for somebody pretty hard
when you blasted my mom crib,
remember that?
BOBBY: Y'all are my brothers.
I can't do this without you.
The whole industry will know
that Wu-Tang Clan
ain't nothing to fuck with.
[hip-hop instrumentals]
♪ ♪
- ♪ From the slums of Shaolin ♪
♪ Wu-Tang Clan
strikes again ♪
♪ The RZA, the GZA,
Ol' Dirty Bastard ♪
♪ Inspectah Deck,
Raekwon the Chef ♪
♪ U-God, Ghostface Killah ♪
♪ And the Method ♪
- ♪ M-E-T-H-O-D ♪
- ♪ Man ♪
♪ Hey, you, get off my cloud ♪
♪ You don't know me,
and you don't know my style-- ♪
[glass shattering]
[members muttering]
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- Pssh.
Hey, yo, son, these contracts
is mad thick, son.
- I ain't finna sit here
and read all this shit.
You better off telling niggas
what you want.
♪ ♪
- Give me five years
of your life.
[hip-hop music]
[men grunting]
[blade resounds]
♪ ♪
[gun cocks]
[dice thud]
♪ ♪
[blade resounds]
[upbeat '80s pop music]
♪ ♪
- He's late.
- Hey, yo, uh...
I'm really fucking
with that suit.
- How about you focus
on the meeting, huh?
Yo, you sure we can trust
this lawyer, huh?
- Yeah, yeah.
Mr. Wagner.
He did my, uh--
my Prince Rakeem deal,
so, um...
- Oh, okay.
Is--is that a good thing?
You know, because the reason
we're here...
- Oh, fuck off.
- Is because
- of this Prince Rakeem deal.
- ASSISTANT: Mister Diggs?
DIVINE: We're here
to incorporate
Wu-Tang Productions.
WAGNER: You're sure
about the name, Wu-Tang?
- Yeah.
Your whole lobby
has an Asian vibe to it.
We thought you'd be into it.
- Yeah, on my walls.
DIVINE: We already own it.
The name stays.
WAGNER: Your brother?
- Divine.
BOBBY: And my business partner.
- My firm
can handle everything.
Once we get the trademark,
we can begin to--
- Oh, I already registered.
Here's the city of approval,
business license, PO box.
WAGNER:
Mm, you got the DBA, too?
- Yeah, we like to hit
the ground running.
WAGNER: You got a logo?
DIVINE: Our design team
is working on mockups.
- I prefer to file everything
at once,
but, uh, we can proceed
without it.
- Could that be
problematic or...?
- Not unless you plan
to use the image
on any apparel, merchandise,
posters, album covers, flyers,
or anything else intended to
promote the company until then.
- I thought we had Mathematics
on that shit?
- You'll have it by tomorrow.
- Perfect.
That way, I can have
my assistant review
the pro forma
before we submit to the board.
- Pro forma. Of course.
WAGNER: Oh.
Why are there eight names
listed under recipient
of shares?
- I wanted to divide
the company
among the other group members.
- Let them each invest
if you like,
but don't give away any shares.
- Look, me and you both know
how shit went down before.
Business mandates got in
the way of creative decisions.
What I'm trying to do
is build this group on a...
on a more spiritual level.
- Spiritual?
Okay.
That's why I'm the lawyer
and you're the artist, Rakeem.
- It's RZA now.
- RZA, Rakeem, Bobby,
it's the same answer
for all three of you--
don't give away a single share.
Talk some sense
into your partner.
- [inhales deeply]
It's, um...
it's kind of like selling
a brick.
You got to--you got to recoup
before you pay out.
- Yeah.
- You're the client.
It's your call.
Just know, if you've got
eight entities from the get-go,
I'm gonna have to set
this company up as an LLC
so I can protect you
when this goes bad.
Will you be able
to get each member
to sign individual contracts?
- Yeah, yeah.
Of course.
WAGNER:
Let's touch base tomorrow.
But a little bookkeeping
before you go--
we take personal checks
and all major credit cards.
Yeah, that works.
[drawer opens]
- Always keep me waiting.
- The RZA and Divine
of Wu-Tang Productions,
guys, meet another
of my talented clients.
- Chris.
Nice to meet you.
- When did you get in?
- Last night.
Whirlwind weekend.
Took the redeye home
after the Tunnel.
BOBBY: You had a--you had
a performance at the Tunnel?
CHRIS: Yeah.
BOBBY: Sick.
CHRIS: I can put you
on the list.
WAGNER: Forget the damn list.
Play one of Wu-Tang's songs.
- [chuckles]
Look, this guy charges me
by the hour,
and he starts the clock
when we make eye contact.
So leave me a tape
and your info, a'ight?
- A'ight. Yo.
- Oh.
Hey, yo, yo, sorry.
Hey, we ran out of...
business cards.
Shit.
- [chuckles]
- Um... shut it.
- Need to go
and get some egg cartons.
- Yeah, and add business cards
to the list, too, huh?
BOBBY: The most important thing
is to get everyone
to sign those contracts.
- Yo, that stack
you gave him,
was that all the money
you had left?
- Pretty much,
but it's worth every dollar.
It's all talk until everybody
signs on that dotted line.
[elevator button clicks]
Yo, but good shit in there
with the lawyer.
I see you been reading
that book from cover to cover.
- Thanks. Yeah.
But what the fuck
does pro forma mean?
- [scoffs]
[elevator bell dings]
[engine turning over,
indistinct chatter]
Yo, yo.
Let's get this studio built
so we can control
our own destiny.
Now we can make
our music independently,
without a label.
We finish this up,
we can fit at least
two MCs in a booth at once.
[door closes]
- So we building
a real studio?
- Yep, yep, yep.
I got Power out now
getting all the equipment,
and, uh, the rest is up to us.
- Hey, yo, this shit
is mad rusty, son.
- Yeah, well,
it gets the job done.
SHA: Yo, you even allowed
to do all of this?
Don't renovations
break the lease?
Yo, at my mom's spot--
- We finish up the booth, then
we get started on the speakers.
All right?
- Where?
- Ain't no room for a bed
as it is,
let alone a crib.
BOBBY: Gonna hang them
from the ceiling.
- A'ight, so which one of y'all
done construction before?
'Cause...
Men, where's Divine at?
He the one that's good
with all this
Bob Vila-ass-shit.
BOBBY: Yo, he's out handling
Wu business.
It's up to us to handle this.
I'll get started on the booth,
and you two can install
the bass traps.
[tense music]
- Nah, I got it.
♪ ♪
[Sha scoffs]
- Hey, yo, I know what
you trying to do, son.
- I'm trying
to make dope music.
Can't do that
until we finish this up.
So y'all two niggas
better figure it out.
- [scoffs]
[pager beeps and buzzes]
Shurrie.
She must be on her way
with the baby.
DENNIS: He, yo, genius!
- Yo.
DENNIS: I can't even make
a phone call.
I thought you were gonna
activate the landline.
- Empty your pockets.
I'll go hit the pay phone,
get us set up, yo.
- More fucking bread...
[vehicle beeping]
[indistinct chatter over PA]
- AKG-C414-EB.
- That's the mic?
- Oh, not just any microphone--
brass capsules,
nine polar patterns,
state-of-the-art components,
and the last one
we have in stock.
[indistinct chatter over PA]
The Ensoniq EPS 16 Plus
sampler,
two mixers,
cables, controllers,
headphones, three speakers,
the mic,
DBX Dual Compressors.
- CBS what?
- DBX Dual Compressors.
Is there anything else
you might--
- No, we good, we good.
CLERK: If you have trouble
with the SL-4 library sounds
for the EPS 16,
try to adjust each sample
on its own.
- Yo, how much
all this shit cost, yo?
[chuckles]
That's two bricks.
- Bricks, sir?
- Forget it.
Hey, this for you.
Take that shit, nigga.
Pack all that shit up, kid.
Appreciate that.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
[drill trigger clicks]
[hip-hop music playing]
- Yo, you unplugged my shit.
DENNIS: Hey, yo,
I could sleep
in the bathtub, son.
Wouldn't be the first time.
BOBBY: No, you and--you
and Shurrie take the bed.
I got the couch.
- Shit, ain't nobody gonna be
doing no sleeping
if I don't get this crib built.
Hey, yo, I got the--I got
the one Rie wanted, too.
Fucking highway robbery
what they charging for a cage.
- I'm letting you know,
I'm not--
I'm not changing
no diapers, yo.
- Nigga, that's
your nephew, son.
BOBBY:
Just letting you know, yo.
- You gon' act like that?
BOBBY: Yo, I mean that.
Not a one.
DENNIS: Yeah, whatever, nigga.
- She gets in at 6:00, right?
- Yeah.
So I got plenty of time
to finish the crib
before they walk in.
- Y'all over here talking
about building a crib,
when we supposed to be building
a recording studio.
BOBBY: It's a problem?
- What you mean
"Is it a problem?"
What are we doing here?
- I be Sam.
Sam I am.
Yes, sir.
Mm-hmm.
- Yo, we told you to go
and get cartons,
not go out and buy eggs, yo.
- Hey, yo, son, how I'm
supposed to get egg cartons
without the eggs, man?
- Yo--
- Now, I know
you don't expect me
to go dumpster diving, right?
Look at these kicks, man.
Now, where the pots
and pans at, son?
- Hey, yo, for what, son?
For what?
BOBBY: Leave the eggs here.
Go and get some cartons,
a'ight?
And you can get food
at the store.
DENNIS: Nigga, you trying
to make a sandwich
while we working and shit?
- You know I can't work
on an empty stomach, man.
DENNIS: Love wasting money.
BOBBY: Wasting money.
[indistinct chatter]
[line trilling]
OPERATOR: Good morning.
I'm your operator, Shelly.
How can I be of assistance?
- Peace, God.
SHELLY: Uh, so how
can I help you?
- Need to activate the phone
line for account 235-A34.
SHELLY:
And name on the account?
- Wu-Tang Productions.
SHELLY: It appears there's
an outstanding balance
of $580 listed here.
How would you like
to pay that today?
- That's not our balance.
That's the last tenant.
SHELLY: Oh, okay,
then you'll need to fax
your lease agreement over,
or you can bring it down
to one
of our satellite offices.
- How we gonna fax something
without a working line?
Man, fuck all that bullshit.
SHELLY: Sir, that language
is unacceptable.
- Yo, look--
[line clicks]
[line beeping]
[moody soul music playing]
♪ ♪
[music slows, stops]
PERSON: What the fuck's going
on with the power?
- [sighs]
[person shouting in Spanish]
Fuck.
DIVINE: Got to get
these damn contracts ready.
NIA: Mm-hmm..
DIVINE: "Pro forma.
"Official document,
financial statement,
or a legal form."
NIA: Because he's right here.
DIVINE: Yo, what that man
saying about me?
- My dad wants his suit
back, sarakay.
- Tell him I need to borrow it
for maybe another day.
More like two.
- Can he keep it, uh,
for a little--
yes, a little bit--
Mm, okay.
Barakmati.
- Mm, barakmati.
So what'd he say?
- He said you've come
a long way...
and it ain't got nothing to do
with a suit.
- What did he really say?
- Have it dry-cleaned.
- [chuckles]
- Light starch.
[doorbell buzzes]
- [scoffs]
MATH: Yo.
- Yo, what up, Math?
- Peace, God.
What up?
- Yeah, welcome.
- Peace.
- So how's the--
how's the job site?
- No, no, you know, shit,
same soup, just reheated.
- Mm-hmm.
- Been hiding away
most of the day on the rooftop
working on these logos.
- Ooh! Okay, a'ight.
Let me see.
- Got you, huh?
Bam, bam!
Protect your neck!
Mm!
You like that?
- We, uh--we trying to start
a business,
you know,
not make a horror flick.
- Yo, RZA said you want to be
cutting people's heads off.
- Okay.
Mathematics,
just take a seat, please.
All right, so, um, what we need
is we need a logo
that's, uh--that's gonna
call out to the people
like the Bat-Signal.
Yeah?
This is gonna make them
run and hide.
- You want less blood?
DIVINE: No blood.
No severed heads.
This is--
this isn't Friday the 13th.
- A'ight, back
to the drawing board, then.
- I need it by tomorrow.
- Tomorrow?
That's a rush job.
- I know, but can you
just do me this one favor?
- Yo, I got to charge you more.
That's double.
- Okay. Okay, okay.
Hey, look, you come back later,
I'll have it for you.
- A'ight,
I better get to work, then.
- Oh.
Y'all making a horror movie?
[horn honking]
[stapling forcefully]
- Hey, careful, Killah.
[both laugh]
- Hey, yo,
this shit kind of therapeutic.
I ain't even gonna front, son.
- Hell, yeah.
Feels kind of good to be
building some shit, right?
- Yo, yo.
Check it out, yo.
BOBBY: Hell, yeah.
We got everything
to record now.
Ain't nothing gonna stop us.
Ah.
It's only one mic?
- Yeah. You know how much
that shit cost?
- Yeah. Yo, I do. I just--
we need--
we need two microphones.
POWER: Just have these niggas
pass--pass it
back and forth and shit.
- They can't be passing
microphones
back and forth on skits.
- [chuckles]
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- Yeah, it's time
for my break, son.
♪ ♪
- Thanks, man.
PERSON: Whoa, whoa, whoa.
[person 2 speaking Spanish]
PERSON: What do you mean, man?
- What the fuck?
PERSON: I didn't use anything.
- [speaking Spanish]
BOBBY: Oh, shit!
♪ ♪
POWER: Yo, what's wrong?
- [sighs]
That's my building manager.
- Probably about
the electricity and shit.
- Hey, yo, she see
all of this shit, it's over.
- She sees the wall back there,
we'll get fucking evicted.
- You want me to go handle it?
- [sighs] I'll handle it.
You guys just stay put.
Be easy.
Don't make any noise.
A'ight?
POWER: Yeah, a'ight.
♪ ♪
MANAGER: [speaking Spanish]
Hey, is your power out?
- I don't...I don't know.
- You don't know
if you have power?
How's that?
- I just--I just moved here.
I don't really have
anything inside.
- I keep telling these people
don't use too much juice,
or they're gonna break
the circuit.
- You should try
one of these other tenants.
I didn't--I didn't use
any power, so maybe it's--
it's one of them over there.
[thud]
DENNIS: Ah, fuck.
- What's that?
- What do you...
- I thought--you said there
was no--
ASON: I think it's
the whole block, son.
I just came
from the next building over.
I know the super.
His power just came back on.
- Well, my guy's
not here today.
- I got you.
I took a few classes
in trade school.
Where your box at?
- In the maintenance room.
- It's not haunted, is it?
- [chuckles]
No.
Trade school, huh?
- I was tryin' to work
for NASA and shit.
[spacey music]
♪ ♪
- [whispering]
Thank you.
♪ ♪
DICE PLAYER: Come on.
Let's go!
DICE PLAYER 2: Come on, baby,
four, five, six.
Four, five, six,
- Yo, Poppy, are you gon' roll
the dice,
or you're trying
to stick your dick in it?
- Come on, kid.
I ain't got all day, let's go.
- Damn!
Why y'all rushing me?
- Give me my shit.
- Yo, I heard
Bobby's back in town.
- Yeah.
POPPY: He changed his name
again, right?
From Rakeem to the RZA.
SHOTGUN:
Yeah, something like that.
- Y'all gonna do
more joints together?
- I guess.
After I empty
everyone of y'all pockets!
PLAYER: Pssh, yeah, right.
[indistinct chatter]
- Yo, shorty.
You still trying to play?
Yo, how much money you lost
today already?
- Yo, come on.
Chill out, big bro.
- [scoffs]
[vehicle approaches,
horn honks]
Yo!
- I'm getting my money back
from one of y'all niggas.
A'ight?
[car door opens, closes]
Oh, yes, sir.
Four, five, six.
- Yo, good lookin' on the bail.
- Yo, you already know
we got you.
What's up, dog?
- Yo, We need to head
to the stu.
Them niggas Ghost and Rae
are already there.
REBEL: Ghost?
SHOTGUN: D-Lover.
Changed his name
to Ghostface Killah,
like in the movies and shit.
- [scoffs]
Yo, him and Rae?
In the same room?
U-GOD:
That Park Hill-Stapleton shit?
That shit is over now, son.
- Word?
- RZA had them
squash that shit.
- RZA, who's that?
- Bobby, son.
He call himself The RZA now.
- Yo, how long
I been locked up for?
- Shit, nigga,
a long time, nigga.
- Yo, pass the method, son.
I got to get my mental right.
[tires screech, gunfire]
- Oh, shit!
[indistinct shouting, gunfire]
[car engine revs,
tires squealing]
[somber music]
♪ ♪
[hammering]
DENNIS: Man, these instructions
don't even make sense.
BOBBY: Oh, shit.
Yo, the Inspectah,
in the flesh.
Peace, peace. You good?
U-God, what's up, kid?
DENNIS: Yo, it took
mad long, son.
What, jakes is fucking
with you on lockup?
- Yo, bon-bon, yo.
DENNIS: What up, son?
What up? What up?
Peace.
SHA: What's the word?
BOBBY: What's good, niggas?
- Yo, Poppy got hit, son.
[uneasy music]
BOBBY: Is he...
- Shit fucked up, son.
- Just minding his business.
He wasn't even doin' nothing.
The bullet wasn't even for him.
- Bullets don't got names
on them.
SHOTGUN: I was out there
all afternoon, son.
It could be me in
a fucking body bag right now.
♪ ♪
DENNIS: Yeah, I hear you.
Shit, I got hit.
♪ ♪
- Shit, my leg's still
fucked up.
BOBBY:
I could still be in prison.
Yo, all of us,
we've been through
our shit, right?
But we all here now,
with our brothers.
♪ ♪
- So this the new, uh...
this the new studio, huh?
- Yeah.
Let's use it.
[determined synth music]
Let's make
some fucking music, yeah?
♪ ♪
- I got some new shit
I been working on.
Let me finish this shit, son.
♪ ♪
DENNIS: Yo, I finally got
this shit done!
- Yo, the springboard's
on backwards, guy.
Put the mattress in,
the baby's shit might collapse.
- What are you talking
about, son?
- [muttering]
- What did he say?
- Springs is on backwards.
Put the baby in there,
it might collapse.
- [sighs]
Motherfucker!
- Hey, yo, yo, yo, yo!
Chill, Killah.
- Nah, 'cause I been working
on this shit all day.
Now I got to take this shit
a-fucking-part
and put it back together,
and Shurrie is at the station,
my nigga.
You gon' go pick her up?
Nah, right?
She been on the bus
seven hours.
This ain't a fucking joke.
[door slams]
- It ain't even
that serious, nigga.
[scoffs]
- Yo, this nigga bugging.
- Tripping, yo.
- Yo, who got the method, man?
- We dry.
U-GOD: Let me call my mans
real quick.
BOBBY: That's fucked,
yeah, nigga.
- Yo, what up with the phone?
BOBBY: The phone is
disconnected.
Electricity is out.
U-GOD: What you mean it's out?
What the fuck is we
doing here for, then?
BOBBY: It's out, nigga.
- Yo, no power. No phone.
No damn weed.
Man, I thought
we was making music, son.
- This nigga
ain't got shit, man.
REBEL: Shit's wack, man.
Fuck out of here.
DIVINE: Name me
one famous company
that doesn't have
a memorable logo.
- Stop selling and get
to the point, son.
What are we doing?
DIVINE: Rolling Stones--
We got the Rolling Stones,
they have that red tongue.
POWER: Listen, listen, listen.
- Pink Floyd's got that--
- I agreed to bankroll
Bobby's music.
- I hear you--
POWER: know what I'm saying?
DIVINE: No, I hear you,
but this goes beyond music.
- [chuckles] Next thing
you know, you'll want me to pay
for fucking business cards
and shit, right?
You should be more worried...
- Hey, look, man...
POWER: About getting all them
cats to sign them contracts.
- Math has been working
on this Wu logo for weeks,
and we still haven't paid him.
- Yo, did you not see
all that new equipment
I bought for Bobby
for the studio?
Did you not see that shit?
PERSON: Right.
- And not to mention
the fucking tools,
the rugs, bail money.
Now you want me to pay
for a fucking logo, nigga?
A fucking logo?
- You the executive producer
of the album, right?
Well, that logo is gonna be
on the cover of that album.
- Oh, word?
- You know,
I swear with y'all niggas,
it's like one handout
after the next, right?
I'm down to my last stack.
- Look, this is why you'll be
first to reap the rewards
when we blow up.
So can you just pay the man
so he can--
he can deliver me the logo,
so then I can give
the logo to the lawyer,
so the lawyer can deliver
the pro forma tomorrow?
- [laughs]
You not hearing me.
I spent everything I had on
that fucking equipment, nigga.
I'm basically broke, son.
- Are you serious?
No, no, what--
yo, what about the--
[quietly] Look, come--
come talk to me.
[objects clatter]
POWER: Fuck out of here.
[door opens]
BOBBY: Yo, yo, yo.
Yo, it's me.
[door closes]
- Yo, what up, Bobby?
- Where's that
fucking flashlight at?
- My nigga Math.
What's good, yo? You good?
- Yeah, man.
I'm just trying to get paid
for this logo work, but it
seem like y'all ain't got it.
- This is...
was my rent money.
Take the shit.
It's yours.
- Yo, you sure?
- Yeah.
- Just, uh, simplify the shit,
you dig?
[smooth music]
♪ ♪
[horns honking]
MANAGER: I know there's
a new fuse
in one of these boxes.
[sighs] So how do you go
from wanting to work for NASA
to making music?
ASON: You know, I always been
into frequencies,
and all frequencies is
is vibrations.
You know, that's all music is--
frequencies and vibrations.
- So what kind of a singer
are you?
- No, I'm a--I'm a rapper.
I sing, too.
It's hard to explain.
- And what's your stage name?
- The Ol' Dirty Bastard.
- [laughs] It's like a joke?
Like Weird Al?
- No, it ain't no joke
like Weird Al.
It's the Ol' Dirty Bastard
'cause
ain't no father to my style.
- And who do you think
is gonna buy
a record from a guy
named Ol' Dirty Bastard?
- You don't like
the Ol' Dirty Bastard?
What kind of name
you like, then?
- For you? You look like...
El gran niño Jesús.
- Shit.
El gran niño Jesús,
yeah.
El gran niño Jesús.
Yeah.
SHA: Come on, man, I can't take
this shit no more.
- Yo, we really tryin' to light
this shit up with candles, son?
This is not a fucking
memorial service, dog.
U-GOD: Word.
Yo, how much longer, yo?
[pager vibrates]
SHA: Yo, shorty been hitting
my line all day, B.
Yo, I'm off this shit, son.
- It's dark, yo.
BOBBY: Hey, yo, yo, just--
just chill, a'ight?
We--we about
to make some music.
Just--just wait for the lights
to come back on.
- Can't nobody recording
nothing
without the electricity, son.
- Yeah, Sha got a point, son.
Maybe another day.
- Just give it a second, yo.
Just--
- Nah, bro.
ASON:
Trade school, motherfucker.
- Yo!
[electricity hums]
[hip-hop music]
- Fuck out of here, son.
BOBBY: Bring your ass
back inside, yo.
Bring your ass back in.
U-GOD: [chuckles]
- Let's make
some fucking music!
SHOTGUN: ♪ I am the one
and only Method Man ♪
♪ The master, the plan,
rap your shit like Saran ♪
BOBBY: Hey, hell, yeah, nigga!
- ♪ Hit your skins ♪
♪ With some of this
and some of that ♪
SHA: Yo, he killing this shit.
- Which one of you
motherfuckers want method?
GARY: Oh!
BOBBY: [speaks indistinctly]
SHA: What's good, God?
- Yo, what up, what up?
SHOTGUN: ♪ Yippy-yay,
yippy-yah, yippy-yo ♪
SHA: Whoo!
- ♪ Not an average... ♪
♪ Rah, ooh, ah, oochie-ka ♪
♪ Tell me how you like it
so far, baby paw ♪
♪ The poetry's in motion,
coast to coast and ♪
♪ Rub it on your skin
like lotion ♪
♪ What's the commotion? ♪
♪ Oh, my Lord ♪
♪ Another corn chopped
by the Wu-Tang sword ♪
[cheering]
♪ Hey, hey, like Fat Albert ♪
♪ It's the Method Man,
ain't no if, ands about it ♪
♪ It's the Method ♪
- Power, what's good?
[shouts]
- Yo, you hear Meth right now?
SHOTGUN: All right, y'all,
get your White Owls.
Get your meth,
get your skins.
Don't forget your 'orties.
And we gonna do it like this.
♪ I got fat bags of skunk ♪
♪ I got White Owl dub ♪
♪ And I'm about
to go get lifted ♪
♪ Yes, I'm about
♪ I got myself a forty ♪
♪ I got myself a shorty ♪
♪ And I'm about to go
and stick it ♪
♪ Yes, I'm about to go
and stick it, oh ♪
- This nigga fucking
spitting, nigga!
- Aw...
- Yo, yo.
- Dirty, what's good, yo?
- Son, you got to be louder.
- You do that for me?
- Ain't got to worry
about that no more, son.
- We can't get evicted, yo.
- Nah, we cool, man.
- A'ight.
- What did I tell you, man?
What did I tell you, man?
Method Man going crazy
right now.
ALL: ♪ M-E-T-H-O-D Man ♪
- Yo!
SHOTGUN:
♪ Here I am, here I am ♪
♪ The Method Man ♪
- Whoo!
♪ It's the Method Man,
ain't no if, ands about it ♪
♪ It's the Method ♪
[indistinct chatter]
ALL: ♪ M-E-T-H-O-D Man ♪
♪ M-E-T-H-O-D Man ♪
- [coughs]
ASON: [laughs]
- Thanks, Ol' Dirty Bastard.
- Hey, yo, we deserved this
shit, you know what I'm saying?
- Can I ask you a question?
- Go ahead.
- What's your name?
- I told you already.
Ason Unique.
- No way your parents
named you that.
Come on, what's your real name?
- My real name?
Russell.
- [coughing]
- I prefer Ol' Dirty Bastard.
[Ason laughs]
[hip-hop music]
[line trilling]
OPERATOR: Hello, my name
is James.
How can I be of help
to you today?
- Peace, God.
JAMES: Excuse me?
♪ ♪
OPERATOR 2: Good evening.
This is Marcus.
How can I help you?
- Peace, God.
MARCUS:
What seems to be the issue?
OPERATOR 3:
Hello, this is Tucker.
- Peace, God.
TUCKER: Sir?
OPERATOR 4: I don't
understand.
OPERATOR 5: ...the operator.
OPERATOR 6: Hello, this is
Heather. How can I help you?
OPERATOR 7: Excuse me, sir?
OPERATOR 8: This is Ashley--
GARY: Peace, God.
OPERATOR 9:
Could you repeat that?
Hello?
OPERATOR 10: This is Britney.
How can I help you?
OPERATOR 11: Sir?
♪ ♪
OPERATOR 12: Operator.
- Peace, God.
OPERATOR 12: Peace, God.
- Yo, we just moved
into our new spot, God.
The last tenant
left an account balance,
my word is bond,
and we starting a new business,
so we need the phone
in service immediately.
OPERATOR 12: I got you.
Just give me your info.
- Yo, that's peace.
The info, account number
235-A34.
Wu-Tang Productions.
["Method Man" playing,
cheering]
♪ ♪
MEMBER: Hey, yo, this shit
is banging, son.
♪ ♪
[laughter]
SHA: Gza, what's the word, B?
MEMBER: Yo, what up, God?
U-GOD: What's going on?
MEMBER: Shaolin shit up.
MEMBER 2: Peace to the God.
- Yo.
BOBBY: Yeah.
GARY: The phone number
for Wu-Tang Productions, God.
- Oh, shit, yo. Yo, Deck.
- Yo, pass the bone,
though, God,
Nigga been outside all day.
[laughter]
BOBBY: Yo, respect, brother.
[indistinct chatter]
GARY: Oh, y'all think
y'all the Method Man?
Trying out your
superpower lungs and shit.
- Do me a favor
and, uh, give the blunt
to Meth in the studio.
SHOTGUN: ♪ Turn me up,
I'm about to get... ♪
- Nigga, while he's recording?
- Yeah, tell him to--
to take the biggest hit
he's ever taken in his life.
A'ight?
SHOTGUN: ♪ I am the one
and only Method Man ♪
GARY: A'ight. Bet.
♪ ♪
SHOTGUN:
Shit. Light me up.
About to blow, light me up.
ASON: Oh, shit.
GARY: Yo, hit it, dog.
- Hey, yo, hit that shit,
nigga.
Hit that shit.
- Bro, hit it, God.
Come on, son.
Hit that shit one time.
Yeah, that's some good bone
right there.
Word.
♪ ♪
- [coughs]
[laughter]
Badass.
Keep that ass in.
- I'm surprised
he's still sleeping.
- How long was he out for
on the bus?
- The entire ride.
I was able to read
a whole book.
- That's my boy.
- Yeah.
Well, your boy is gonna be
up all night.
Please tell me
you got that crib.
- Yeah, I got it.
- Okay.
- I just got to finish
building it.
Look, we was building
the studio and shit all day.
- Okay.
[wheel rattles]
- [sighs] Motherf--
Hey, yo, I guess I'm
a professional handyman now.
SHURRIE: [laughs]
The building is a lot nicer
than you described.
- Yeah.
They got a park
down the street
with a little jungle gym.
- We had all that.
What was missing
in Ohio was you.
Mm-hmm.
Mm.
[baby fusses]
[both chuckle]
[soft music]
- Cute.
♪ ♪
I'm guessing this the one.
- Welcome home.
- [chuckles]
[laughter]
ASON: Yo!
What's going on, D?
[laughter]
MEMBER: Ghost up in the house.
["Method Man"
continues playing]
♪ ♪
- Hey, yo, you build this?
- Not me. The Chef.
BOBBY: Yo.
[laughter]
♪ ♪
MEMBER: Yeah.
SHOTGUN: Check it.
[laughter]
♪ With an average flow,
doing average... ♪
♪ Yo, I'm super,
I make a bitch squirm ♪
♪ With my super sperm ♪
MEMBER: Yeah, Meth!
SHOTGUN: ♪ Check it ♪
MEMBER: Killer tape, God.
SHOTGUN: ♪ Butt-naked ♪
♪ I smell sess,
pass the method ♪
MEMBER: Yo.
[laughter]
♪ ♪
[baby fussing]
[door closes]
- Did you really think we was
all gonna live up in there?
- They not all
living here, Rie.
Come on, we--we talked
about this already.
Why you acting all surprised?
- I knew it was small,
but not that kind of small.
- I know, but it was bigger
before we put all
Bobby's equipment and shit.
All right?
Bobby already agreed
to take the couch.
- What about the baby?
- We can put the crib
in the kitchen.
It's not always gonna be
like this, Rie.
- Of course it will.
- What other option we got?
- Dennis, I told you we need
our own place.
- And I told you
we can't rent another--
- Shh!
- We can't rent another spot,
because we gon' blow
through our savings
in, like, two months.
What else are
we supposed to do?
- I don't know.
This is not gonna work.
- Yo, Ghostface Killah.
- Yo, what up, what up, son?
What up?
- Yo, Bobby wants
to talk business.
- All right.
I'll be right there.
- Hey, what's up, Shurrie?
♪ ♪
- Look, let me just go in there
and handle this real quick,
a'ight?
I'll be right back out.
Come on, Rie.
[music continues faintly]
♪ ♪
[door closes]
- Ghostface Killah?
SHA: Contract?
DENNIS: Mm-hmm, that's right,
contract.
So every contract
is exactly the same.
Now, you all be signed on
to Wu-Tang Productions
as a group
and as individual artists.
Now, what that means is that
you still have the ability
to do your solo albums,
but you still stay
a part of Wu-Tang.
- What we're trying to do...
is create a business, right?
Now, in order to do that...
we got to paper up.
I see each and every one
of y'all as fucking stars, yo.
Now, for the rest of the world
to see that,
I need three things.
I need time.
I need control.
- Control?
- I need trust.
And I swear to God,
I'll take you all the way
to the fucking top, yo.
We'll change
this entire fucking industry.
What do you say?
- Yo, son, these contracts
is mad thick, son.
- Word.
- I ain't finna sit here
and read all this shit.
You better off just telling
niggas what you want.
- Know what I mean?
- Word.
SHA: What's wrong
with this man?
[dramatic music]
- Give me five years
of your life.
- Five years?
You can keep this shit, son.
- Yo, B.
- Come on, man.
- Five years is a long time.
- Yo, son, the judge
wasn't even gonna give you
five years back in Ohio.
- Come on, son.
BOBBY: Sha...
- Don't Sha me, nigga.
What the fuck
is this nigga doing?
GARY: Who knows you all better
than Bobby?
Nigga, he was signed
to a label.
He gave control to those
greedy-ass executives already.
Nigga, they weren't family.
Look how that shit turned out.
- He got paid, though.
- But he got paid a fraction
of what we can make
if we all came together,
my nigga.
Just listen for a second.
GARY: See, my man get it.
ASON: Yo, son,
what's pro forma?
[all speaking at once]
- A'ight.
A'ight, yo.
We--we, uh--we built
this studio together, right?
- Word!
BOBBY: In order to keep
this shit together,
you got to tighten
every motherfucking screw.
You got to hammer in
every nail.
That's what this
fucking contract serves as...
to keep us together.
The fucking paperwork
only comes into play
if we break our word--
that's it.
I'm just asking y'all niggas
to take the first step.
After that...
I got y'all.
And yo, y'all,
deep down in your hearts,
y'all know that shit,
right?
Right?
SHA: Right.
GARY: Look at us, we a family.
- [sighs]
BOBBY:
We fucking family, right?
[baby fusses]
[somber music]
♪ ♪
- Yo, son, I'd rather make hits
than get hit any day.
I'll sign it, son.
MEMBER: Here we go, Bobby.
MEMBER 2: Word.
- You got to nod yourself.
- We're all family,
right, Bobby?
- Yo, put that beat
back on, son.
♪ ♪
[door closes,
"Method Man" playing]
- So this my...
SHOTGUN: Turn that shit up.
♪ ♪
DENNIS:
Are you--you gon' sign that?
♪ ♪
- No, it's cypher.
Well, cuz, you already know
my word is my bond, right?
What?
You know I'm here.
- Yeah.
GARY: Bobby, tell him.
BOBBY: My nigga.
- Sooh!
[indistinct chatter]
♪ ♪
- [sighs]
[indistinct chatter, cheering]
SHOTGUN: [rapping softly]
♪ ♪
[doorbell buzzes]
[baby fusses]
- [sighs]
- Come in.
Come in. I got you.
- Thank you.
SHA: Hey, yo, you really think
we're gonna make it, son?
- Oh, Sha.
How long you been up?
- Shit, that would require
falling asleep.
[soft music]
BOBBY: You talk to Shurrie?
- Yeah, I'ma head over there
in a minute.
Yo, I got to make this work
for my family, son.
BOBBY:
She'll come back around, yo.
She has to.
DENNIS: Nah, son.
We just need a spot of our own.
That's it.
- We got this crib so we could
save money...
you know...
Make music.
DENNIS: Yeah, I know.
- [sighs]
♪ ♪
Yo...
We're gonna make it.
[blade resounds]
SHOTGUN: ♪ Hey, you,
get off my cloud ♪
♪ You don't know me,
and you don't know my style ♪
- Whoo-whoo!
That shit's hot.
Hell, yeah.
What's it called?
- "Method Man."
CHRIS: Hey, you got something
on your hands.
Hell, yeah.
- So you gonna play that shit
in the club tonight?
What's up?
- I can't do it.
- Why the fuck not?
- Look, the audio levels
are off.
If I play this at the club,
it'll sound like the song
is playing through a phone.
All right, here,
check this out, check this out.
A'ight,
now look at these levels.
You see how this song
hits that mark up there?
That's what you want.
[hip-hop music playing]
- Yo, we spent
all that fucking money
on the audio equipment.
- I understand, man,
but there's only so much
you can do at home.
To get this to the next level,
it needs to be recorded
in a real studio
to get the sound right,
or at least mixed
and mastered in studio.
- Yo, how much is
that gonna cost?
- [scoffs] I mean...
- [scoffs] Fuck this shit, man.
- Hey, yo. Yo!
[door opens]
CHRIS: Something I said?
DIVINE: Look, we have
all the parts
you already recorded here.
How many hours do we need
in a studio?
Like, total?
- It's not even
about hours, yo.
It's about days,
maybe even weeks.
We're gonna have
to rent studio time
for every single song
that we do.
And we don't have the funds.
- Well, you--you can apply
for a credit card.
- Me?
DIVINE: Both of us can.
- Yo.
- Come on, now,
what more can we lose?
- Think about how long
that's gonna take.
A'ight, no.
No, no.
Maybe we can ask Jerome.
A'ight.
Look at us.
So damn broke, we can
only afford one egg roll.
[knock at door]
You think that's
the building manager?
- [scoffs]
- You ready to get evicted?
- No, you getting evicted.
I live with my girlfriend.
♪ ♪
- What's up, bro?
DIVINE: Yo, what's up?
POWER: How you?
- I'm all right.
- What's up, bro?
All good?
DIVINE: Yeah.
Yo, yo.
- Answering the door like
I'm the police or some shit.
[chuckles]
Y'all good?
- Yeah, we okay.
- You know this my shit, right?
All this equipment right here?
Keyboards,
the speakers, the mic.
Everything you asked me for,
I gave you, right?
DIVINE: Yes.
BOBBY: Yes.
[dramatic music]
- We can't have your shit
sounding bad
in the club, right?
Go to the studio.
Do what you got to do.
I told you on that damn boat
I was in all the way.
Know what I mean?
I believe in this shit.
- No, no, nigga,
I thought you were broke.
- I sold my whip.
♪ ♪
- Shit, man.
- Come here, dog.
[both laughing]
♪ ♪
- Yo, yo, Math.
Peace, God.
- Peace, God.
BOBBY: Got that?
♪ ♪
Oh, shit.
MATH: Yeah?
Yeah.
BOBBY: Yeah, nigga.
MATH: Yeah.
BOBBY: Hell, yeah.
PERSON: Get on the line.